if you've been on the Internet at all
you've probably heard of poppy or at
least seen some of her clips or maybe
you have a life and you haven't but
either way poppy is this girl who has
become an internet popstar through her
weird style and unique videos she's
gained millions of views and a cult-like
following of fans over the past five
years but today we're gonna take a look
at how this entire persona may have been
stolen from another girl years ago this
is poppy verse Mars Argo
[Music]
hi everyone it's me
Titanic Sinclair I'm a director and I
make videos before we dive in this video
is sponsored by Adam and Eve if you
don't know Adam and Eve is a huge adult
story that's been around forever and I
actually have a joke with my friends
that in ten years I'm gonna be selling
toys on my kitchen floor like Trisha
Paytas so I had to get the ball rolling
with this sponsor Adam and Eve gave us a
50% off code premium for one item off
plus free shipping to us in Canada if
you have a 90 day no hassle return and
the coolest part is 20 percent of their
profits go to fighting the spread of HIV
around the globe it's a great deal it's
a great cause go have fun
not while you're watching me though here
creeps let's start with the basics who
is poppy before poppy became what she is
today back in 2011 she started off as a
normal girl who was aspiring to make it
in the music industry she had an old
channel called Mariah poppy where she
would upload vlogs and her music this
old channel had a lot of personal random
videos on them they gave me the vibe of
a normal youtuber in that time period
just uploading whatever they felt like
with no rhyme or reason over these years
Mariah didn't have a breakthrough moment
with her singing but then all of a
sudden in late 2014 a major shift
happened with Mariah I
On January 1st can you see the
difference what's happening to me I'll
be okay in an instant all of her videos
were deleted most of these videos have
been wiped completely from the internet
with no trace whatsoever this was done
very intentionally I've heard that poppy
takes down any clips of her old videos
quite often I might even get in trouble
just for showing these clips poppy you
better not touch my video you little ai
freak during the shift she also changed
her channel and stage name from being
Mariah poppy to just poppy or that poppy
now this new poppy was very strange sir
entire style had changed she went from
being a very sweet and relatable girl
into becoming this almost robot like
character today we're going to learn how
to play the Pete chord
she began talking in a high pitch ASMR
like voice and started uploading videos
that didn't seem to make any sense the
video seemed pointless but from a
marketing sense these videos were being
used to create a mystery so that in
return the audience would share the
video around and Poppy's music would get
free promotion it's kind of like that
creepy ice cream commercial from years
ago I eat little babies ice cream it
keeps me young this video really isn't
about ice cream it's just a weird video
that people would share to the grandmas
and maybe a small percentage would look
into getting the actual ice cream this
advertising method works very well
companies use it all the time especially
during the Superbowl that's we should
get all the weird ones in poppy was now
using this method to promote her music
as the years went on the video started
to gain a direction instead of being
completely random they started to tell a
story though the story is very abstract
when you decipher that you realize that
in these videos poppy was hoping fun at
the music industry critiquing how
celebrities are seen as objects that are
easily replaced and simply used to make
money you are just a puppet for the
you are fake and plastic just like every
other girl in Hollywood it was a really
interesting concept she became this anti
celebrity eventually poppy started to
gain a ton of traction the weirdness
attracted thousands of viewers who had a
very diehard love for poppy I'm gonna be
honest a good chunk of her fans are kind
of psychotic they remind me of the BTS
fans on Twitter don't talk bad about
them
because they'll go take you out there
insane I mean I love them don't find me
everyone was trying to figure out what
was going on with the strange poppy girl
or makes sense of what she was trying to
convey YouTube channels even started
being fully dedicated to solving her
mystery everyone wanted to know who
poppy was and a fun fact just to show
you how secretive poppy is of her past
all of her social media accounts are
blocked from being searched on the
wayback machine which is a website that
lets you see a webpage as it was years
ago so they basically blocked the public
of seeing anything to do with hoppy
before 2014 they are trying extremely
hard to cleanse the Internet of Priya
poppy media they want to keep this
mystery going poppy has now been doing
this for over five years with amazing
success she's released countless songs
and I could safely say she's claimed her
place as an Internet hop star but soon
whispers of a darker story started to
appear
down I've been everywhere
I'm alright
now this is where the story gets a bit
weird in 2009 four years before poppy
appeared there was a girl named Mars our
go now Mars Argo was also a girl
aspiring to be a singer and just like
poppy she made these bizarre videos to
promote her music welcome to our
computer show and Mars Argo the series
of videos were called computer show and
I think it's pretty clear to see that
the videos were quite similar to Poppy's
and the moonship's they had the same
voice the same style the same quirkiness
they both were artists there was even a
few times in Poppy's videos where she
would play in lis reference Mars are
goes work I'm so sorry but I have to get
go just like poppy Mars Argo gained a
cult-like following through these videos
and can I just say kind of random but I
really like Mars argoes music like I
know I'm supposed to be unbiased here
but music wise I think I'm team Mars
Argo
I'm sorry papi and here you're a bit
creepy so Mars are ghost videos went on
for about five years and she released
multiple songs just like poppy her
career was on a steady rise but one day
the videos just stops the last video to
appear on the channel was called day of
retribution and in the video Mars reads
the transcript of a mass killers to
suicide note tomorrow is the day of
retribution the day I will have my
revenge against humanity against all of
you it's a little creepy I gotta say
along with the stop and videos Mars Argo
also seemed to vanish from all her
social media everything became frozen in
time and sometime after that all the
videos were deleted from her channel
except for three nearly the exact same
time Mars vanish is when poppy first
appear and that's why this was so weird
it was like this very unique person just
vanished and then almost instantaneously
a girl exactly like her appears
[Music]
but there seemed to be a simple answer
to all these questions if you looked in
the description of any of the videos by
Mars Argo and poppy you will see that
they both were directed by a man named
titanic sinclair and he's actually seen
in a lot of the bars argo videos now
this makes sense
they were both directed by the same man
though of course they would have a
similar style it would also explain why
Papi's videos sometimes referenced Mars
Argo it was like Titanic's way to pay
tribute to his previous projects kind of
how like et made an appearance in Star
Wars I later found out that Mars Argo
and Titanic were actually a couple
during the time of their show and
apparently the reason it ended was
because they broke up apparently there
was a now-deleted tweet by titanic
sinclair saying that poppy was his new
project but he was still gonna work on
mars Argo
they just needed some time separated
because they broke up so at the end of
the day this all seemed like a simple
explanation as to why poppy in Mars Argo
were so similar it also explains what
happened to Mars Argo and where she went
it was a case solved mystery over but
Mars Argo never did make a return and
years later we are let in on a very dark
reason as to why with the empty promise
of Mars argoes return left unfilled the
mystery of where she went began to grow
again it had now been nearly five years
since she vanished and the chances of
getting any closure grew more and more
slim but shockingly in 2018 Mars Argo
came out of the shadows to file a
lawsuit against titanic sinclair and
toffee now this shocked
almost everyone like I said before it
just seemed like a bad breakup happened
between Mars and Titanic but suddenly we
are being told that there was bad blood
and everyone was shook so in this
lawsuit Mars Argo claimed that poppy and
Titanic copied her entire identity she
even claimed poppy dyed her hair the
same color and high-end the [__] of her
voice to match hers which I can confirm
Papi's voice is a lot higher now than it
was in
older videos politics I like politics it
was all very strange one of the most
shocking allegations in the lawsuit was
that Titanic had been abusing Mars Argo
physically and mentally for years during
and after their show had ended the
lawsuit was a lot it was like fifty
pages I've read all of it but I'm just
gonna go over the highlights I'll leave
a link to the full one whoever wants to
read it it's interesting
go do it go read a book boys so from the
beginning Mars Argo and Titanic met on
MySpace and began dating shortly after
in 2009 they started their computer show
and Mars claims that Titanic would
belittle her during this time she says
she thinks this was a way to keep her
under his control he would call her old
and say that she needed him to be
successful or that he could replace her
at any time and if she ever did try to
work on something independently he would
talk down into the projects to make her
feel untrusting in the people she was
going to work with and then after she
lost her confidence in a project he
would help her write the letters to turn
the project's down keeping her trapped
with him in 2014 after years of working
on the computer show she discovered
Titanic was cheating on her after
confronting him she decided to break off
the relationship but still wanted to
continue the Mars Argo show with him
strictly as professionals but Titanic
didn't accept this breakup very well
Mars goes on to say how he began
harassing stalking threatening and
abusing her
she says he would repeatedly show up to
her house unannounced and broke in
multiple times through the window one of
these times he broke in Mars actually
wasn't home so he went on her Facebook
to block all of her friends kind of like
when an obsessive boyfriend says
girlfriend doesn't let you talk to
anyone of the opposite sex
she only later found out about this
incident when she tried to message one
of her friends and it just wanted letter
another time she says he broke in again
drunk and was mad that she joined a
Facebook group she says he started
smashing her wine glasses on the floor
until she told him what the group was
Amar's actually has a lot of pictures
for all of these incidents which add a
lot of credibility to her claims on
another day after midnight Mars received
a text from Titanic with a picture of
him sitting at her front porch with a
message reading you probably blah
to me so fu can you just imagine your ex
taking a picture outside your house at
midnight
that's a Holocaust Mars now since the
computer show project was ending Mars
began working on going solo she claims
that Titanic ended up hearing about her
plans to go solo and in retaliation he
went to her home and quote-unquote
viciously punched her but to be fair
there was no clear evidence of this
incident which I thought was very
strange because Mars was pretty good at
documenting all the other incidents but
she didn't document her being punched
and another thing I found was that she
posted a picture of her in Japan a few
days after this incident supposedly
happened which makes the time frame a
bit strange and not line up correctly
out of everything in the lawsuit this
was the one thing that didn't sit right
with me
it seemed a bit off now when this
lawsuit came out to the public it went
viral and everyone began talking about
it and because of that papi actually
made a response on Twitter this was one
of the only times you'll see papi out of
character in the response papi denied
all the claims of lawsuits she even said
the abuse never happened which is weird
because there's no way papi can claim
abuse didn't happen in a relationship
she was never in you know papi went on
to say she's a victim of abuse herself
in the slaw suit was hurting her deeply
the whole response had a very victim
mentality to it and it was trying to
paint Mars agro as the manipulator in
not Titanic a day after the Twitter
response papi uploaded a video to her
channel called drama my name is poppy in
Hollywood
Hollywood could not exist without drama
the video in my opinion seemed to be
mocking the whole situation and it
seemed to take jabs at Mars are go for
not being famous to become famous in
Hollywood it's not difficult to watch
other people become famous the next
video papi uploaded seemed even darker
what is this
which usually doesn't happen
get too close given the claims of the
lawsuit about Titanic breaking in DeMars
Argos house and abusing her in the
timing of this upload this video
appeared to be mocking those incidents
which if that's the case this entire
thing is extremely gross remember
earlier I said Poppy's videos referenced
Mars are ghost videos and it was like a
nod to Titanic's previous work well with
this new information those references
get a darker beating instead of being a
way to pay homage to his old work those
references now feel like a way that
Titanic was showing Mars Argo that he
could replace her and that she did need
him to succeed like she claimed he had
told her it is very dark but don't worry
Timmy he gets worse later Mars began a
solo project under the new name guppy
she registered the domain for guppy
fuels and made social media accounts to
match the name but while working on this
project
apparently Titanic got word about it and
released a song of his own called guppy
and the lyrics seemed to be clearly
directed towards Marx now I can't play
the song because we're already pushing
the limit rock pop he's already gonna
kill me because I showed her before she
became a robot but here's a snippet of
the lyrics I hope you're having fun in
your hotel hope you're having fun with
all my friends because we both know that
you've needed a vacation in la-la land
you've been working so hard yeah you
probably wanted a break you spend a year
doing nothing now you're in New York on
holiday creepy
later Titanic posted a picture of a
creepy drawing with the caption that
read I drew my mom Diane tonight I miss
my mom
which Diane is not Titanic's mother it's
Mars's mother the majority of all these
incidents happened nearly a year after
the two broke up and that just makes
them even more creepy and obsessive with
no signs of the abuse or harassment
stopping Mars stopped posting on all
social media and moved away to hide her
whereabouts finally she seemed to have
been free from Titanic's harassment but
even with Mars now gone from the
internet Titanic continued to talk about
her on his social media hundreds of
times up until 2017 of the things he
said he claimed he created Mars Argo he
claimed she was evil that she gave up he
wrote all of her songs she didn't do any
of the work
all of these tweets are now deleted but
I did manage to find some copies at the
end of the lawsuit Mars also showed
quite a few in
census of where it appears poppy is
copying her and that basically wraps up
what the whole lawsuit was through this
lawsuit Mars was seeking a restraining
order from Titanic and wanted some
reimbursement from poppy and Titanic for
copying her work this whole situation
went insane everyone started covering it
it was a huge story and it was looking
pretty good for Mars everyone seemed to
be on her side she might have even won
the case but shockingly the lawsuit
ended up being settled outside of court
the settlement papers were also online
and I went through all of it I had to do
a lot of reading today cuz it was not
fun the main agreements in the
settlement were Titanic and poppy both
agreed to not mention Mars Argo ever
again on their social media and they had
to cleanse any mention of her that
previously had been made which Titanic
had to remove over 12,000 tweets it was
also agreed that both parties will not
acknowledge any wrongdoing going forward
so Titanic and poppy could publicly say
they did nothing wrong Titanic also
agreed to give Mars Argo 100% ownership
of the Mars Argo project and all the
accounts connected to it Titanic also
agreed that he had to get rid of any
compromising photos of Mars Argo that he
had in the end no money was exchanged
and this seems to be the closing chapter
for this wild ride of events the media
coverage died down
Mars Argo had gotten the ownership to
her beloved project that and she was now
free from any harassment from Titanic
so did poppy copy Mars Argo it's
undeniable that these two were extremely
similar but was it copy I don't know I'm
not a lawyer
but I do know it is really hard to prove
someone's copying someone else
especially in a creative sense in says
Titanic directed both of these artists
couldn't you just say it's just his
style so maybe it was the best idea to
settle this outside of court Mars got
the rights to her work back and she's
away from Titanic and on top of that
Titanic and poppy can claim innocence so
it seemed like a win-win the weirdest
thing about this whole situation to me
was that almost instantly when it all
ended everything we just went back to
normal
poppy is still making her videos she's
still being directed by Titanic and Mars
Argo is still inactive
with the severity of the claims I kind
of expected something more canceled
culture must have taken a holiday during
all this like nothing happened the irony
of this entire situation is that these
videos were supposed to be commentary on
everything wrong with the industry the
manipulation the expendability the
controlling of celebrities when at the
end of the day Titanic seems to have
been guilty of all of these
[Music]
how's the paper my desk is all